feat(curriculum): add HTML video player project to FSD cert (#62866)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/blocks/workshop-html-video-player/68f27139bddf9f6bf2821acf.md

---
id: 68f27139bddf9f6bf2821acf
title: Step 13
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-13
---

# --description--

You will add one final `source` element. This one will use the `video/quicktime` MIME type.

QuickTime is an extensible multimedia architecture created by Apple,
which supports playing, streaming, encoding, and transcoding a variety
of digital media formats. Not as popular as the MP4 format, you may need it
for legacy application support.

Now, add the `source` element with the self-closing tag. Next, add the `src` attribute
and the value `https://cdn.freecodecamp.org/curriculum/labs/mapmethod.mov`.

> Finally, add the `type` attribute and the value `video/quicktime`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below your third `source` element, add a fourth `source` element. Your fourth `source` element should have a `src` attribute with the value `https://cdn.freecodecamp.org/curriculum/labs/mapmethod.mov` and `type` attribute with the value `video/quicktime `.
```

---
id: 68f27139bddf9f6bf2821acf
title: Step 13
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-13
---

# --description--

> Let's add one final `source` element. This one will use the `video/quicktime` MIME type.

Reviewer 2: you use "let's" often, remember that it stans for "Let us", and you should not use first person in the text
